very good how are you my
dearest lovers of the heart jose
fernando must have been very sad after
seeing on television how a part
of his life has withered away and we are
referring to none other than the house
in montealto which you already know was visited the other
day by his sister gloria
camila and she was saying that well there is
some part that is intact she wasn't
referring to the mother's room but
that the majority of the house is quite
abandoned and withered that it's even
very sad to see the garden no and you see it in
that state no and it transmits a lot of sadness
because fernando is very sad about what he just
saw on
television and that is that gloria
camila's brother can't believe that part of his
childhood has disappeared
overnight since they arrived in spain
the two children of rocio jurado and ortega
cano were lucky enough to live in one
of the most famous houses in our country
for several years the montealto mansion
located in the exclusive organization of
la moraleja was their habitual residence
well there have also been or people
criticizing and questioning the fact of the
adoption of these children that you already know
that there are people who are very evil and
have said like Rocio Jurado did
not really want them that she only
did it for Ortega Cano that in reality the one who
wanted to have children was Ortega Cano
there they lived the happiest years of their
life that is why Jose Fernando did not expect to
receive this sad news this Thursday
June 2nd his sister Gloria Camila has
had the opportunity to visit this
place so special for him 16 years
after the death of her mother
also well you know that coinciding
a little with the anniversary no after
seeing the images that the program captured
her collaborator wanted to make clear her
true intentions it was not going to be a
show of going to my house I wanted to do something
personal I was super nervous sweating
when I entered the house I felt like
crying I acted tough well this is a
big [ __ ] for her sister Rocio Carrasco
that you already know that she has done a
show and not only that there is a show she has done
many shows I think she has done like
a scene because only from  The trailers,
the trucks on the M-30, putting everything in
containers, taking it out of the containers, I
don't know if there were five or six or seven
episodes of Montealto in which
the topic was directly related to
Antonio David with the fight with the
Mohedanos.
In short, terrible, what do you think? You
families are reading. I send you a
huge hug and I'll see you in the
next video.
[Music]